OSSM-3251: Add cluster-wide deployment to Service Mesh docs (#58539)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-customize-smmr-cluster-wide.adoc

> ////

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//
```

Author: Done

This module is included in the following assemblies:
* service_mesh/v2x/ossm-create-smcp.adoc

> ////

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//
```

Author: Done

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="ossm-customize-smrr-cluster-wide_{context}"]

> = Customizing the member roll for cluster-wide mesh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Customizing the member roll for a cluster-wide mesh
```

> In cluster-wide mode, when you create the `ServiceMeshControlPlane` resource, the `ServiceMeshMemberRoll` is also created . You can modify the `ServiceMeshMemberRoll` resource after it gets created. Once you modify the resource, the {SMProductShortName} Operator will not change it.

Author: done

> In cluster-wide mode, when you create the `ServiceMeshControlPlane` resource, the `ServiceMeshMemberRoll` resource is also created. You can modify the `ServiceMeshMemberRoll` resource after it gets created. Once you modify the resource, the {SMProductShortName} operator no longer changes it. If you modify the `ServiceMeshMemberRoll` resource using the {product-title} web console accept the prompt that indicates the modifications may be overwritten.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In cluster-wide mode, when you create the `ServiceMeshControlPlane` resource, the `ServiceMeshMemberRoll` resource is also created. You can modify the `ServiceMeshMemberRoll` resource after it gets created. After you modify the resource, the {SMProductShortName} operator no longer changes it. If you modify the `ServiceMeshMemberRoll` resource by using the {product-title} web console, accept the prompt to overwrite the modifications.
```
- Per ISG, only use "once" to indicate "one time" and not as a synonym for "after": https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=medium-global-audiences
- Add commas for clarity
- Per ISG, don't use "may" as a synonym for "might" or "can".

Author: Done

> Alternatively, you create can a `ServiceMeshMemberRoll` resource before deploying the `ServiceMeshControlPlane` resource, and then use the member roll with the control plane.

Author: Done

[NOTE]
====

> The `ServiceMeshMemberRoll` resource name must be named `default` and the member roll must be created in the same project namespace as the `ServiceMeshControlPlane` resource.

Author: Done

> Alternatively, you can create a `ServiceMeshMemberRoll` resource before deploying the `ServiceMeshControlPlane` resource. When you create then the `ServiceMeshControlPlane` the {SMProductShortName} Operator will not modify the `ServiceMeshMemberRoll`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can create a `ServiceMeshMemberRoll` resource before deploying the `ServiceMeshControlPlane` resource. When you create the `ServiceMeshControlPlane` resource, the {SMProductShortName} Operator will not modify the `ServiceMeshMemberRoll`.
```

Author: Thank you for catching this!

Author: Done.

====

> If you create the `ServiceMeshMemberRoll` resource before deploying the `ServiceMeshControlPlane` resource, or if you modify the member roll afterwards, there are two ways to add a namespace to the mesh. You can either add namespace by specifying its names in the `spec.members` list, or configure a set of namespace label selectors to include a namespace based on your own labels.

Author: Done

[NOTE]
====
Regardless of how members are specified in the `ServiceMeshMemberRoll` resource, you can also add members to the mesh by creating the `ServiceMeshMember` resource in each namespace.
====

> See xref:../../service_mesh/v2x/ossm-create-mesh.adoc#ossm-member-roll-create_ossm-create-mesh[Creating the Red Hat OpenShift Service Mesh member roll] for more information.

Reviewer: Remove this xref from the module and add it as an additional resource after the `include` statement in the assembly file

Author: *Sigh* such dilapidated technology. Done.

Author: After moving it, it seems so broken and disconnected from the context I simply deleted the link.
